Beta cmdlet docs (#881)
microsoftgraph/entra-powershell: module/docs/entra-powershell-beta/Microsoft.Graph.Entra.Beta/Add-EntraBetaScopedRoleMembership.md

# Add-EntraBetaScopedRoleMembership

## Synopsis

> Adds a scoped role membership to an administrative unit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assign a Microsoft Entra role with an administrative unit scope
```

Author: Changes updated

## Syntax

```powershell
Add-EntraBetaScopedRoleMembership 
 -ObjectId <String> 
 [-RoleMemberInfo <RoleMemberInfo>]
 [-AdministrativeUnitObjectId <String>] 
 [-RoleObjectId <String>] 
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## Description

> The `Add-EntraBetaScopedRoleMembership` cmdlet adds a scoped role membership to an administrative unit. Specify `ObjectId` parameter to add a scoped role membership.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Add-EntraBetaScopedRoleMembership` cmdlet adds a scoped role membership to an administrative unit. Specify `ObjectId` parameter to add a scoped role membership.

For delegated scenarios, the calling user needs at least the Privileged Role Administrator Microsoft Entra role.
```

Author: Changes updated.

## Examples

### Example 1: Adds a scoped role membership to an administrative unit

```powershell

> Connect-Entra -Scopes 'RoleManagement.ReadWrite.Directory'
> $User = Get-EntraBetaUser -SearchString "Conf Room Adams"
> $Role = Get-EntraBetaDirectoryRole | Where-Object -Property DisplayName -EQ -Value "User Administrator"
> $Unit = Get-EntraBetaAdministrativeUnit | Where-Object -Property DisplayName -Eq -Value "NewUnit"
> $RoleMember = New-Object -TypeName Microsoft.Open.AzureAD.Model.RoleMemberInfo
> $RoleMember.ObjectId = $User.ObjectID
> Add-EntraBetaScopedRoleMembership -ObjectId $unit.ObjectId -RoleObjectId $Role.ObjectId -RoleMemberInfo $RoleMember

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connect-Entra -Scopes 'RoleManagement.ReadWrite.Directory'
$User = Get-EntraBetaUser -SearchString 'Conf Room Adams'
$Role = Get-EntraBetaDirectoryRole | Where-Object -Property DisplayName -EQ -Value 'User Administrator'
$Unit = Get-EntraBetaAdministrativeUnit | Where-Object -Property DisplayName -Eq -Value 'NewUnit'
$RoleMember = New-Object -TypeName Microsoft.Open.AzureAD.Model.RoleMemberInfo
$RoleMember.ObjectId = $User.ObjectID

$params = @{
    ObjectId = $unit.ObjectId
    RoleObjectId = $Role.ObjectId
    RoleMemberInfo = $RoleMember
}

Add-EntraBetaScopedRoleMembership @params
```
